---
layout : layouts/legal.njk
---
# Terms and Conditions
Last updated on March 10, 2023

1. Terms
‍By accessing the website at https://www.proserv-now.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Proserv GmbH's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: modify or copy the materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Proserv GmbH's website; remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Proserv GmbH at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

3. Disclaimer
The materials on Proserv GmbH's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Proserv GmbH makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.Further, Proserv GmbH does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

4. Limitations
In no event shall Proserv GmbH or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Proserv GmbH's website, even if Proserv GmbH or a Proserv GmbH authorised representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Proserv GmbH's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Proserv GmbH does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Proserv GmbH may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Proserv GmbH does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links
Proserv GmbH has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Proserv GmbH of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

7. Modifications
Proserv GmbH may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that Country or location.



# Privacy Policy
Last updated on March 10, 2023

We are very delighted that you have shown interestin our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for themanagement of the Proserv GmbH. The use of the Internet pages of the ProServGmbH is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a datasubject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing ofpersonal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data isnecessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generallyobtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name,address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always bein line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordancewith the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the ProservGmbH. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would liketo inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personaldata we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, bymeans of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they areentitled.
As the controller, the Proserv GmbH has implementednumerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most completeprotection of personal data processed through this website. However,Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, soabsolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subjectis free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. bytelephone.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Proserv GmbHis based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of theGeneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declarationshould be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as ourcustomers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explainthe terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, interalia, the following terms:
    a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to anidentified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiablenatural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particularby reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number,location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to thephysical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identityof that natural person.
    b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiablenatural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsiblefor the processing.
    c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operationswhich is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or notby automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring,storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure bytransmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment orcombination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
    d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of storedpersonal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
    e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing ofpersonal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certainpersonal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse orpredict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economicsituation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour,location or movements.
    f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal datain such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to aspecific data subject without the use of additional information, provided thatsuch additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical andorganisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed toan identified or identifiable natural person.
    g) Controller or controller responsible for theprocessing
Controller or controller responsible for theprocessing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or otherbody which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means ofthe processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of suchprocessing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or thespecific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or MemberState law.
    h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, publicauthority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of thecontroller.
    i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, publicauthority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed,whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receivepersonal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Unionor Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing ofthose data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with theapplicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
    j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, publicauthority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processorand persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, areauthorised to process personal data.
    k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given,specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes bywhich he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifiesagreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General DataProtection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Memberstates of the European Union and other provisions related to data protectionis:
Proserv GmbHFellnerstraße 560322 Frankfurt am MainDeutschlandTel.: +49 69 - 242406625E-Mail: info@proserv-now.comWebsite: www.proserv-now.com

3. Internet pages of the Proserv GmbH use cookies.Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browserMany Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-calledcookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of acharacter string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned tothe specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allowsvisited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser ofthe data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. Aspecific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the uniquecookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, the Proserv GmbH canprovide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that wouldnot be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers onour website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, aspreviously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of thisrecognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The websiteuser that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time thewebsite is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookieis thus stored on the user’s computer system. Another example is the cookie ofa shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles thata customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent thesetting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting ofthe Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting ofcookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via anInternet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popularInternet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies inthe Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirelyusable.

4. Collection of general data and information
The website of the Proserv GmbH collects a seriesof general data and information when a data subject or automated system callsup the website. This general data and information are stored in the server logfiles. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) theoperating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which anaccessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) thesub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) anInternet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider ofthe accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that maybe used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, theProserv GmbH does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, thisinformation is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2)optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensurethe long-term viability of our information technology systems and websitetechnology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the informationnecessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, theProserv GmbH analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically,with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of ourenterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal datawe process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separatelyfrom all personal data provided by a data subject

5. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store thepersonal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve thepurpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator orother legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if astorage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competentlegislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordancewith legal requirements.

6. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as towhether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If adata subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or shemay, at any time, contact info@proserv-now.com or an employee of thecontroller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator to obtain from the controller free information abouthis or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information.Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subjectaccess to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whomthe personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients inthird countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which thepersonal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used todetermine that period;
the existence of the right to request from thecontroller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction ofprocessing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to suchprocessing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaintwith a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from thedata subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making,including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, atleast in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as wellas the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the datasubject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right toobtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a thirdcountry or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the datasubject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguardsrelating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of thisright of access, he or she may at any time contact info@proserv-now.com or anemployee of the controller.
c) Right of rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay therectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking intoaccount the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the rightto have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing asupplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right torectification, he or she may, at any time, contact info@proserv-now.com or anemployee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personaldata concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall havethe obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of thefollowing grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary inrelation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which theprocessing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, orpoint (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal groundfor the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuantto Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds forthe processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant toArticle 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliancewith a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller issubject.
The personal data have been collected in relationto the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of theGDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and adata subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by theProserv GmbH, he or she may at any time contact info@proserv-now.com or anemployee of the controller. An employee of the Proserv GmbH shall promptlyensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data publicand is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, thecontroller, taking account of available technology and the cost ofimplementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, toinform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject hasrequested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replicationof, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. An employee ofthe Proserv GmbH will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processingwhere one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested bythe data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracyof the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subjectopposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restrictionof their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal datafor the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subjectfor the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processingpursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether thelegitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, anda data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personaldata stored by the ProServ GmbH, he or she may at any time contact
info@proserv-now.com or an employee of thecontroller. An employee of the Proserv GmbH will arrange the restriction of theprocessing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her,which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used andmachine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those datato another controller without hindrance from the controller to which thepersonal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consentpursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2)of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of theGDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as theprocessing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in thepublic interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in thecontroller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to dataportability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall havethe right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller toanother, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affectthe rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability,the data subject may at any time contact info@proserv-now.com or an employee.
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particularsituation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her,which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This alsoapplies to profiling based on these provisions.
The Proserv GmbH shall no longer process thepersonal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstratecompelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests,rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise ordefence of legal claims.
If the Proserv GmbH processes personal data fordirect marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object atany time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for suchmarketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to suchdirect marketing. If the data subject objects to the Proserv GmbH to theprocessing for direct marketing purposes, the Proserv GmbH will no longerprocess the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, ongrounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing ofpersonal data concerning him or her by the Proserv GmbH for scientific orhistorical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of atask carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the datasubject may directly contact info@proserv-now.com or an employee of the ProservGmbH. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use ofinformation society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to usehis or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, includingprofiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely onautomated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effectsconcerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as longas the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performanceof, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is notauthorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject andwhich also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights andfreedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject’sexplicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into,or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a datacontroller, or (2) it is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, theProserv GmbH shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’srights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtainhuman intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her pointof view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rightsconcerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any timedirectly contact info@proserv-now.com or an employee of the controller.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted bythe European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his orher personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right towithdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contactinfo@proserv-now.com or an employee of the controller.

7.Data protection for applications and theapplication procedures
The data controller shall collect and process thepersonal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of theapplication procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically.This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits correspondingapplication documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to thecontroller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with anapplicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing theemployment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employmentcontract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the applicationdocuments shall be automatically erased two months after notification of therefusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controllerare opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g.a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

8.Data protection provisions about the applicationand use of Getty Images Photos
On this website, the controller has integratedcomponents of the enterprise Getty Images. Getty Images is an American pictureagency. A picture agency is an enterprise which provides images and other imagematerial on the market. Generally, picture agencies market photographs, illustrationsand footage. A picture agency licenses different customers, in particularInternet website operators, editors of print and television media andadvertising agencies, the images used by them.
The operating company of the Getty Imagescomponents is Getty Images International, 1st floor, The Herbert Building, ThePark, Carrickmines, Dublin 18, Ireland.
Getty Images allows the embedding of stock images(where possibly free of charge). Embedding is the inclusion or integration ofany specific foreign content, e.g. text, video or image data provided by aforeign website, and then appears on the own website. A so-called embedded codeis used to embed. An embedded code is an HTML code that is integrated into awebsite from a website owner. When an embedded code is integrated by a websiteowner, the external content of the other website is displayed by defaultimmediately, as long as a website is visited. To display third-party content,the external content is loaded directly from the other Internet site. GettyImages provides further information about the embedded of content under http://www.gettyimages.de/resources/embed.
Through the technical implementation of theembedded code, which allows the image display of the images of Getty Images,the IP address of the Internet connection, through which the data subjectaccesses our website, is transmitted to Getty Images. Further, Getty Imagescollects our website, browser type, browser language, and time and length ofaccess. In addition, Getty Images may collect navigation information, which isinformation about which of our subpages have been visited by the data subjectand which links have been clicked on, as well as other interactions that thedata subject has carried out when visiting our website. This data may be storedand analyzed by Getty Images.
Further information and the applicable dataprotection provisions of Getty Images may be retrieved under http://www.gettyimages.de/enterprise/privacy-policy.

9.Data protection provisions about the applicationand use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function)
On this website, the controller has integrated thecomponent of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analyticsis a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, andanalysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysisservice collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person hascome (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often andfor what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for theoptimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis ofInternet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component isGoogle Inc.,1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UnitedStates.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics thecontroller uses the application “_gat. _anonymizeIp”. By means of thisapplication the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridgedby Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of theEuropean Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the EuropeanEconomic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is toanalyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data andinformation, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provideonline reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide otherservices concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the informationtechnology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explainedabove. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use ofour website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internetsite, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analyticscomponent was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technologysystem of the data subject will automatically submit data through the GoogleAnalytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement ofcommissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, theenterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IPaddress of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand theorigin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information,such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and thefrequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to ourInternet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internetaccess used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United Statesof America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States ofAmerica. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technicalprocedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent thesetting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a correspondingadjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting ofcookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also preventGoogle Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system ofthe data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics maybe deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibilityof objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics,which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of thisdata by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the datasubject must download a browser add-on under the linkhttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-ontells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and informationabout the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics.The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google.If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted,formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browseradd-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled bythe data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere ofcompetence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation orreactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable dataprotection provisions of Google may be retrieved underhttps://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and underhttp://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is furtherexplained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/.

10. Data protection provisions about the applicationand use of Google-AdWords
On this website, the controller has integratedGoogle AdWords. Google AdWords is a service for Internet advertising thatallows the advertiser to place ads in Google search engine results and theGoogle advertising network. Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-definespecific keywords with the help of which an ad on Google’s search results onlythen displayed, when the user utilizes the search engine to retrieve akeyword-relevant search result. In the Google Advertising Network, the ads aredistributed on relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking intoaccount the previously defined keywords.
The operating company of Google AdWords is GoogleInc.,1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
The purpose of Google AdWords is the promotion ofour website by the inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of thirdparties and in the search engine results of the search engine Google and aninsertion of third-party advertising on our website.
If a data subject reaches our website via a Googlead, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of thedata subject through Google. The definition of cookies is explained above. Aconversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identifythe data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is usedto check whether certain sub-pages, e.g, the shopping cart from an online shopsystem, were called up on our website. Through the conversion cookie, bothGoogle and the controller can understand whether a person who reached anAdWords ad on our website generated sales, that is, executed or canceled a saleof goods.
The data and information collected through the useof the conversion cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for ourwebsite. These visit statistics are used in order to determine the total numberof users who have been served through AdWords ads to ascertain the success orfailure of each AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads in the future.Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers receive informationfrom Google that could identify the data subject.
The conversion cookie stores personal information,e.g. the Internet pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit ourInternet pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet accessused by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States ofAmerica. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States ofAmerica. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technicalprocedure to third parties.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent thesetting of cookies by our website, as stated above, by means of a correspondingsetting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting ofcookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Googlefrom placing a conversion cookie on the information technology system of thedata subject. In addition, a cookie set by Google AdWords may be deleted at anytime via the Internet browser or other software programs.
The data subject has a possibility of objecting tothe interest based advertisement of Google. Therefore, the data subject mustaccess from each of the browsers in use the link www.google.de/settings/ads andset the desired settings.
Further information and the applicable dataprotection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/

11.Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis forprocessing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processingpurpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance ofa contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example,when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provideany other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. Thesame applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying outpre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning ourproducts or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by whichprocessing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of taxobligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases,the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interestsof the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, forexample, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, healthinsurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to adoctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based onArt. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which arenot covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing isnecessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our companyor by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by theinterests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which requireprotection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularlypermissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the Europeanlegislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if thedata subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
12.The legitimate interests pursued by thecontroller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based onArticle 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our businessin favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
13.Period for which the personal data will bestored
The criteria used to determine the period ofstorage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. Afterexpiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as longas it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or theinitiation of a contract.
14.Provision of personal data as statutory orcontractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract;Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possibleconsequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data ispartly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result fromcontractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimesit may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides uswith personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The datasubject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when ourcompany signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personaldata would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject couldnot be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, thedata subject must info@proserv-now.com. An employee clarifies to the datasubject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law orcontract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there isan obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences ofnon-provision of the personal data.
15.Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automaticdecision-making or profiling.
This Privacy Policy has been generated by the PrivacyPolicy Generator of the German Association for Data Protection that wasdeveloped in cooperation with Privacy Lawyers from WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE,Cologne.
